Fix diagnostics issue #2477 (#29252)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/diagnostics-in-containers.md

## Using .NET CLI tools in a container

**These tools apply to: ✔️** .NET Core 3.1 SDK and later versions

> The .NET Core global CLI diagnostic tools ([`dotnet-counters`](dotnet-counters.md), [`dotnet-dump`](dotnet-dump.md), [`dotnet-gcdump`](dotnet-gcdump.md), and [`dotnet-trace`](dotnet-trace.md)) are designed to work in a wide variety of environments and should all work directly in Docker containers. Because of this, these tools are the preferred method of collecting diagnostic information for .NET Core scenarios targeting .NET Core 3.1 or above in containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET Core global CLI diagnostic tools ([`dotnet-counters`](dotnet-counters.md), [`dotnet-dump`](dotnet-dump.md), [`dotnet-gcdump`](dotnet-gcdump.md), and [`dotnet-trace`](dotnet-trace.md)) are designed to work in a wide variety of environments and should all work directly in Docker containers. Because of this, these tools are the preferred method of collecting diagnostic information for .NET Core scenarios targeting .NET Core 3.1 or later in containers.
```

> Alternatively, these tools can be installed without the .NET SDK by downloading the single-file variants at the above links. Note that these require a global install of the .NET runtime version 3.1 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install these tools without the .NET SDK by downloading the single-file variants from the links in the previous paragraph. These installs require a global install of the .NET runtime version 3.1 or later.
```

> You can also install these tools without the .NET SDK by downloading the single-file variants from the links in the previous paragraph. These installs require a global install of the .NET runtime version 3.1 or later.

Reviewer 2: Feels like this is missing a pointer to the global installation:

```suggestion
You can also install these tools without the .NET SDK by downloading the single-file variants from the links in the previous paragraph. These installs require a global install of the .NET runtime version 3.1 or later which you can acquire following any of the prescribed methods in the [.NET installation documentation](../..//install/index.yml) or consuming any of the official runtime containers.
```

> You can also install these tools without the .NET SDK by downloading the single-file variants from the links in the previous paragraph. These installs require a global install of the .NET runtime version 3.1 or later which you can acquire following any of the prescribed methods in the [.NET installation documentation](../install/index.yml) or consuming any of the official runtime containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install these tools without the .NET SDK by downloading the single-file variants from the links in the previous paragraph. These installs require a global install of the .NET runtime version 3.1 or later, which you can acquire following any of the prescribed methods in the [.NET installation documentation](../install/index.yml) or by consuming any of the official runtime containers.
```
